{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Coursera Content for taking new course for free\

\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs40 \cf0 About asking no loan interest payments:\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs26 \cf0 Sir, I am in no condition to pay for your course. As I said above my family is poor, my parents are unable to get work in this pandemic situation. So, please pardon this poor student for paying for this course. I hope, you will understand my situation.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs40 \cf0 About taking this course:\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs26 \cf0 After taking and completing this course I will be a step ahead in the direction of my dream job. Actually, I was trying to learn data science from some videos from YouTube and some other sources but was unable to get it done as there was nothing like a mannered way of studying in such lectures. After facing such a situation I searched about data science's best-preferred courses, so it takes to me here on coursers' IBM data science professional certificate. So, I'm here applying for financial aid for you. After completing this course as I will get basic ideas of data science so it could be possible that my basics of fundamentals will become solid and after this course, I will be again trying for the next course in the specialization. Hope so, that you might understand my situation and will give free access to this poor student. Please provide me access to this course.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs40 \cf0 About financial aid question:\

\f3\b0\fs26 I am unable to pay any kind of fees for my studies as my parents are in no such condition to pay for my studies. I am a first-year student at IIT Kanpur. I belong to a poor family and am now in lockdown, they are not even able to get any kind of work so now our situation is becoming worse than the previous one. My college fees are also being paid by the government of India, my parents are not even in any such situation to pay for my college fees, so I'm studying on funds given by the government and some good organizations. I would love to learn about data science and will try my career in the data science field. So I am applying for financial aid. I Hope, you will better understand the problem and the situation of this poor student. Expecting better results from this application form.}